Royal CNC – Installation and Troubleshooting Guide
Welcome to the installation and troubleshooting guide for Royal CNC, a secure SSH-based command and control (C2) tool. This guide will help you set up the necessary environment and troubleshoot common issues that might arise.

Royal CNC installation
System update and installation of MySQL Server:



sudo apt update
sudo apt install mysql-server
Securing MySQL:



sudo mysql_secure_installation
Follow the instructions to set up a secure root password and respond to other security options.

Connection to MySQL:



sudo mysql -u root -p
Enter the root password you configured earlier.

Creation of the database:


CREATE DATABASE cnc;
USE cnc;
Importing the database schema:
Make sure to export the appropriate SQL file (database.sql) to the specified directory and run the following command to import it:


SOURCE /root/RoyalCNC/database.sql;
Creating a MySQL user:
Replace user123412 and 583384951293032 with your chosen username and password.



CREATE USER 'user123412'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY '583384951293032';
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON cnc.* TO 'user123412'@'localhost';
FLUSH PRIVILEGES;
MySQL output:



EXIT;
Generating an SSH key pair for authentication:
Make sure to run this command in the correct directory to store SSH keys.



ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096 -f ssh/ssh.cat
Guide to troubleshooting common errors
Error 1: SSH Connection Issues
Symptoms: Unable to connect to server via SSH.
Solution :
Verify that the SSH keys are correctly generated and added to the server.
Make sure the ssh/ssh.cat file contains the private key corresponding to the public key added to the server.
Check the permissions of files and directories related to SSH keys.
Error 2: Database problems
Symptoms: Errors while importing SQL file or accessing database.
Solution :
Make sure the cnc database is created correctly and the MySQL user privileges are configured correctly.
Check the SQL file path and make sure it is accessible.
Check the specific MySQL errors shown in the logs (/var/log/mysql/error.log).
Error 3: Installation Problems
Symptoms: Failed to install required dependencies or packages.
Solution :
Make sure all required packages are installed correctly using apt or any other appropriate package manager.
Check the system requirements specified in the Royal CNC documentation and ensure that your system meets them.
About Royal CNC
Royal CNC is a secure, SSH-based command and control (C2) system designed to provide a secure and flexible interface for managing and controlling systems remotely. Developed by @royaloakap, this system is optimized for a small footprint and high level of security, using SSH keys for authentication and a robust protocol for communications.

For any questions or additional support, please contact @royaloakap on Telegram or visit https://t.me/Royal_FAQ.